Labs Blog alt text mini sprint! (#2)
isabela-pf/quansight-labs-site: posts/2019/04/whats-new-in-sympy-14.md

Prior to SymPy 1.4, SymPy expressions in the notebook rendered by default with their
 string representation. To get `LaTeX` output, you had to call `init_printing()`:

> ![SymPy 1.3 rendering in the Jupyter lab notebook ](/images/sympy-1.3-notebook.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Code snippet in an interactive Jupyter session showing the usage of init_printing in SymPy 1.3 for LaTeX](/images/sympy-1.3-notebook.png)
```

In SymPy 1.4, SymPy expressions now automatically render as LaTeX in the notebook:

> ![SymPy 1.4 rendering in the Jupyter lab notebook ](/images/sympy-1.4-notebook.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Code snippet in an interactive Jupyter session showing default LaTeX printing mode for SymPy expressions in version 1.4](/images/sympy-1.4-notebook.png)
```

However, this only applies automatically if the type of an object is a SymPy
expression. For built-in types such as lists or ints, `init_printing()` is
still required to get LaTeX printing. For example, `solve()` returns a list,
so does not render as LaTeX unless `init_printing()` is called:

> ![SymPy 1.4 rendering in the Jupyter lab notebook with init_printing() ](/images/sympy-1.4-notebook-2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Code snippet in an interactive Jupyter session showing the usage of init_printing for list objects in version 1.4](/images/sympy-1.4-notebook-2.png)
```
